applications: nrf5340_audio: Make adv interval configurable (#10678)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF5340 Audio
-------------

> * Added:
> 
>   * Can now set periodic and extended advertising interval through Kconfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added  Kconfig options for setting periodic and extended advertising intervals.
  Search :ref:`Kconfig Reference <kconfig-search>` for ``BLE_ACL_PER_ADV_INT_`` to list all of them.
```

Reviewer 2: There is also BLE_ACL_EXT_ADV_INT_
Remove double space after "Added"

Reviewer: Yes, "Added:" is needed for more than 1 item, to avoid repeating "Added" in front of each line and signal clearly with indents what entries belong where.
